Document GHC-00482: Lambda syntax in pattern (#173)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-00482/example1/index.md

---
title: Lambda syntax in `case` expression
---

> When pattern matching with a `case` expression, backslash (`\`) is not required before the pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pattern matching with a `case` expression, anonymous functions (that is, functions that begin with`\`) are not allowed before the pattern, because functions cannot be pattern-matched on.
```
